the Kenyan for whom I have a lot of affection is my friend
would go would be true cap bon de sortie estimated at 1 1%
after diving and I'm a badger I look intimate confessions
he will bring a beauf
we'll see we're going to hear me yes it may seem rather skeptical
emeric morning when I was told that this morning we were getting a specialist in
television I said to myself nice we will receive a seller from darty
ardennes
as it is mentioned sought to buy a TV with my new life
who has Easter bunny teeth this is for March 13 and 27 from 9 to the
art card
baggage transport will not revive their weapons in order to increase will arrive
in store to hide this student times dry right now really need to
to be a specialist
then this is the advantage tv tnt hd and ndlr has only 4 hdd mira a vga
to exhibit it to exert a look eva rachline to yield to a crisis of nerves
while you françois-xavier art specialist
that is to say, he spends his day at two years in front of the TV
he analyzes m here is a good excuse to tell his wife
François the strategists
why this year it's too late but these weapons the first leg
it was our case is that there is no place for the attacked Canadian alas
it must have been nice to raise your kids
apart from a little watching tv - the tv realize this
Mom was full as was not dad
for a final project that france had three girls
so to have a boy being he must eat very salty to have a
life obviously must be copied in the complaint filed in Spain by
eurozone
all day the challenges of sex that sees on television the grandmother too
is a great TV specialist and 10 to 4
it is clear chazal is still cut hair cla
So where to start
recently this optics
we are unable to franois one who could analyze a little
watch TV with you françois it must be boring I saw it yesterday
evening have prepared the show every four years at brigitte's in his
triplex and 19th
with 500 assets effect the services included we were good we looked
'desperate housewives' limerick as a leading TV specialist
series
why she is good and by vaux nothing unveil
for the brave
fatima also went from his little analysis
I want to do and what we do plastic paca there martin the couple
what to answer to this call the work here we see that the
relations without parents and hat stereotype of family love for his
severity
we like eva longoria is good anyway
otherwise she is going now but this series has nothing to do
with our everydayness or what we know from the family of our neighbors you
know that in 1938 oral and close your mouth virapoullé chez françois pillouer
October is really the choice your actions to watch TV
as you rightly say in your book 87% of French people watch
every day the TV
and a lot of them say he never has anything on TV
but who has passed things to which adhere
in any case I am very happy he has nothing on TV
it allows us to talk about it here every morning
and even more in 2011 al-arich
where there was a little time that the bill
shiny boyle